I am safe. I love my life. I allow myself to be in the present moment, right here, right now. I have everything I need. I am open to new ideas. I am here, here in my body, and all is well. I am aware of my thoughts, feelings, and body in the present moment. I am grounded and connected to the earth. I trust myself. I am open to new ways of thinking. I embrace change. I love myself. I let go of my past. I am. I feel deeply rooted. I am connected to my body. I feel safe and secure. Just like a tree or a star, I have a right to be here. I stand for my values, for truth, and for justice. I have what I need. I am grounded, stable, and standing on my own two feet. I nurture my body with healthy food, clean water, exercise, relaxation, and connection with nature. I am open to possibilities. I am grateful for all the challenges that helped me to grow and transform. I trust in the goodness of life. I make choices that are healthy and good for me. I trust myself. I love life. 

I embrace my sexuality and sensuality. I feel good about my body. I let go of repetitive thoughts. I am in touch with my feelings. I am connected to my core. I take care of my emotional needs. I am open to sharing my feelings. My feelings are the language of my soul. I nurture myself. I use my creativity for higher purpose. I am kind and compassionate. I love and enjoy my body. I have healthy boundaries. I am open to experiencing the present moment through my senses. I am passionate. I feel pleasure and abundance with every breath I take. I nourish my body with healthy food and clean water. I know how to take care of my needs. I value and respect my body. I am open to touch and closeness. I allow myself to experience pleasure. My sexuality is sacred. Emotions are the language of my soul. I take good care of my physical body. I am at peace. 

My body is strong and healthy. I am open to playfulness and gentleness of my soul. I am open to spirit. I take responsibility for my thoughts and feelings. I sense that everything is a lesson on my spiritual journey. I create my own life. I feel connected to greater life. Just by being, I am valuable. I deeply and completely love and accept myself. I choose love, light, and healing. I have the courage to be myself. My power is in the gentleness of my soul. I love and accept myself. I stand up for myself. I am strong and courageous. I am worthy of love, kindness, and respect. I choose the best for myself. I confidently express myself. I am proud of my achievements. I honor myself. I choose healthy relationships. I am authentic. I direct my own life. I appreciate my strengths. I feel my power. I am free to choose in any situation. I seek opportunities for personal and spiritual growth. I am at peace with myself. 

I allow myself to feel my tender heart. I surrender and let go of fear. I open myself to deep self love. I feel embraced by the love of the Universe. I open myself to healthy and nurturing relationships. Peace is a way of my life. I forgive myself and others. I am grateful for all that I have. I sense that everything is interconnected. I am loving and compassionate with myself and with others. I accept myself and others as we are. I feel connected with greater life. I am open to love. All love resides within my heart. I deeply and completely love and accept myself. I nurture my inner child. I am wanted and loved. I live in balance, in a state of gracefulness and gratitude. I love the beauty of nature and the animal world. I forgive myself. I am open to love and kindness. I am grateful for all the challenges that helped me to transform and open up to love. I am connected with other human beings. I feel a sense of unity with nature and animals. I accept things as they are. I am peaceful. 

I express myself clearly and in a healthy way. I speak my truth. I feel safe to express myself. I think before I speak. I am connected to deeper parts of myself, to my soul. I live in truth. I express the spirit within. I listen with the ear of my heart. I listen to my intuition. I can say "no" when I need to. I am peaceful, tranquil, and serene. I love myself and I express my love for others. I am open, clear, and honest in my communication. I have a right to speak my truth. I communicate my feelings with ease. I express myself creatively through speech, writing, or art. I have a strong will that lets me resolve my challenges. I nourish my spirit through creativity. I live an authentic life. I have integrity. I love to share my experiences and wisdom. I know when it is time to listen. I express my gratitude towards life. I listen to my body and my feelings to know what my truth is. I take good care of my physical body. I am at peace. 

My life moves with grace. I use my intuition wisely. I see connections and the deeper truth. I have deep sense of knowing everything I need to know. All that I need is within me. I dwell in the state of presence. I am a timeless, eternal being, connected to the wisdom of the Universe. I see challenges in my life with great clarity. I learn from the challenges in my life, they are spiritual lessons. I open myself to the wisdom of elders. I love and accept myself. I open myself to insights and clarity. I can consciously create my life. I am in touch with my inner guidance. I listen to my deepest wisdom. I seek to understand and to learn from my life experiences. I am wise, intuitive, and connected with my inner guide. I nurture my spirit. I listen to the wisdom of elders. I trust my intuition. I forgive the past and learn what was there for me to learn. I forgive myself. I love and accept myself. I know that all is well in my world. I am connected with the wisdom of the universe. I am open to inspiration and bliss. My life moves effortlessly. I am at peace. I am the source of my truth and my love.

I feel connected with other beings, with heaven and earth, the whole of Universe. I know and I understand. I am one with the Divine. I am grounded on earth and connected with heavens. I understand deeper truth and connection. I experience, peace, love, and joy. I honor the divine in me and in others. I experience everything as grace. I understand the deeper truth of suffering. I am at peace. I am. I am part of the Divine. I honor the Divine within me. I seek to understand and to learn from my life experiences. I cherish my spirit. I seek experiences that nourish my spirit. I listen to the wisdom of universe. I trust my intuition. I am open to letting go of my attachments. I live in the present moment. I am grateful for all the goodness in my life. I love and accept myself. I know that all is well in my world. I am connected with the wisdom of the universe. I am open to divine wisdom. My life moves with grace. I am at peace.

Om Mani Padme Hum 
Om Namah Shivaya
Maha Mrityunjaya
Show less